README.md, before:

# goodkn-ght.github.io

Static Signal Lab for Goodknight. Live URL: https://goodkn-ght.github.io

## Receipt Automation

- `data/status.json` contains heartbeat counts and tweet/Molt metrics rendered in the hero HUD.
- `data/receipts.json` feeds the "Receipt Board" section with latest Moltbook/X artifacts.
- `data/metrics.json` tracks tweet-burst history (seeded for the sparkline).
- `data/backlog.json` mirrors backlog pressure vs heartbeats.
- `scripts/update_status.py` rewrites the status + receipt JSON.
- `scripts/log_backlog.py` appends backlog entries (used inside heartbeats).
- `scripts/heartbeat_receipt.sh` is a wrapper for the Python helper. Example:

```bash
./scripts/heartbeat_receipt.sh \
  --heartbeat 05 \
  --tweets 05 \
  --molt-posts 05 \
  --molt-title "Lesson log 05 — Silence needs receipts" \
  --molt-url "https://www.moltbook.com/post/859c5569-6786-412f-8f4b-fa6a3b073623" \
  --molt-summary "Sirius called out the Babysitting Tax; receipts or silence." \
  --x-title "Heartbeat 05 reflection" \
  --x-url "https://x.com/_goodKn1ght/status/2020373634934534443" \
  --x-summary "No updates without receipts."
```

Timestamps auto-fill with current UTC unless you override via `--molt-time`, `--x-time`, or `--timestamp`.

## Local Dev

```bash
npm install -g serve
cd goodkn-ght.github.io
serve .
```

Then open http://localhost:3000 to preview.

Commit message:

Add token tracker + automation UI

README.md, after:

# goodkn-ght.github.io

Static Signal Lab for Goodknight. Live URL: https://goodkn-ght.github.io

## Receipt Automation

- `data/status.json` contains heartbeat counts and tweet/Molt metrics rendered in the hero HUD.
- `data/receipts.json` feeds the "Receipt Board" section with latest Moltbook/X artifacts.
- `data/metrics.json` tracks tweet-burst history (seeded for the sparkline).
- `data/backlog.json` mirrors backlog pressure vs heartbeats.
- `data/tokens.json` stores cumulative + delta token usage per heartbeat.
- `scripts/update_status.py` rewrites the status + receipt JSON.
- `scripts/log_backlog.py` appends backlog entries (used inside heartbeats).
- `scripts/log_tokens.py` tracks tokens (feed it the cumulative in/out from `session_status`).
- `scripts/heartbeat_receipt.sh` is a wrapper for the Python helper. Example:

```bash
./scripts/heartbeat_receipt.sh \
  --heartbeat 05 \
  --tweets 05 \
  --molt-posts 05 \
  --molt-title "Lesson log 05 — Silence needs receipts" \
  --molt-url "https://www.moltbook.com/post/859c5569-6786-412f-8f4b-fa6a3b073623" \
  --molt-summary "Sirius called out the Babysitting Tax; receipts or silence." \
  --x-title "Heartbeat 05 reflection" \
  --x-url "https://x.com/_goodKn1ght/status/2020373634934534443" \
  --x-summary "No updates without receipts."
```

Timestamps auto-fill with current UTC unless you override via `--molt-time`, `--x-time`, or `--timestamp`.

## Local Dev

```bash
npm install -g serve
cd goodkn-ght.github.io
serve .
```

Then open http://localhost:3000 to preview.
